README.md, before:

# Cars vs Bike image classification
This project's objective is to classify color images of bikes and cars using a pre-trained neural netwrok (VGG11).
This project has been packaged as a PyPI module and includes an interactive Gradio demo.

## Requisites
- Python dependencies are listed in 'pyproject.toml'.

How to sync environment with uv on Linux terminal:
1) Install uv: curl -LsSf https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh | sh
2) Restart terminal
3) Open terminal and change directory into project folder
4) Run: uv sync

## Data source
The dataset is provided by Kaggle.
- Link: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/utkarshsaxenadn/car-vs-bike-classification-dataset
- Original raw data: 'data/raw' (zip file)
- Subsampled data used for training: 'data/processed'

## How to run the code
0) Preprocess data: Run preprocess.py script located in 'carbike_classification/'.
1) Train model: Run the train.py script located in 'carbike_classification/'.
2) Evaluate model and generate figures: Run the evaluate_model.py script located in 'carbike_classification/'.
3) Plot training curves (loss & accuracy): Run the plot_training_curves.py script located in 'carbike_classification/'.

Terminal commands:
uv run python -m carbike_classification.preprocess
uv run python -m carbike_classification.train
uv run -m carbike_classification.evaluate_model
uv run -m carbike_classification.plot_training_curves

Commit message:

Changes in README and pyproject.toml for deployment and improvements in app.py to work as a TestPyPi package

README.md, after:

# Cars vs Bike image classification
This project's objective is to classify color images of bikes and cars using a pre-trained neural netwrok (VGG11).
It has been packaged as a Gradio demo interface and uploaded to TestPyPi for easy visualization.
TestPyPI link: https://test.pypi.org/project/carbike-classification/#description

## Requisites
- Python dependencies are listed in 'pyproject.toml'.

How to sync environment with uv on Linux terminal:
1) Install uv: `curl -LsSf https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh | sh`
2) Restart terminal
3) Open terminal and change directory into project folder
4) Run: `uv sync`

## Data source
The dataset is provided by Kaggle.
- Link: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/utkarshsaxenadn/car-vs-bike-classification-dataset
- Subsampled the data used for training. 80 images for train (40 bike, 40 car) and 20 for test (10 bike and 10 car). Data source located in: 'data/processed'

## How to run the code with scripts
0) Preprocess data: Run preprocess.py script located in 'carbike_classification/'. `uv run python -m carbike_classification.preprocess`
1) Train model: Run the train.py script located in 'carbike_classification/'. `uv run python -m carbike_classification.train`
2) Evaluate model and generate figures: Run the evaluate_model.py script located in 'carbike_classification/'. `uv run -m carbike_classification.evaluate_model`
3) Plot training curves (loss & accuracy): Run the plot_training_curves.py script located in 'carbike_classification/'. `uv run -m carbike_classification.plot_training_curves`
4) Run Gradio interface demo: Run the app.py script located in 'carbike_classification/'. `uv run -m carbike_classification.app`

## How to run from TestPyPI
To run from PyPI, we run the following command: `uvx package-name --index-url https://test.pypi.org/simple/ --extra-index-url https://pypi.org/simple`
This will download the package from TestPyPI and run the app.py interface directly, per the pyproject.toml.
